---
layout: post
title: "For[e]Ber"
description: "#BenAndBer est. 2019"
tags: [poetry][benandber]
pinned: false
comments: true
og_type: article
author: "Ben Hur S. Pintor"
image:
    facebook:  /media/site/img/peonies.jpg
    twitter: /media/site/img/peonies.jpg
---

I wish I could tell you <br>
that you were the first girl I loved; <br>
the first one I ever gave my heart to. <br>
<br>
I wish I could tell you <br>
that your hands were the first ones I've held <br>
and your lips were the first ones I've tasted. <br>
<br>
I wish I could tell you <br>
that you are the only one I've let <br>
inside my solitude <br>
to see the completeness of my soul. <br>
<br>
I wish I could but I can't. <br>
<br>
I've given my heart to a few women <br>
who gave it back <br>
a little more beaten than before. <br>
<br>
I've held hands that stopped holding back <br>
and tasted lips so sweet, <br>
they slowly turned vile and bitter. <br>
<br>
I wish I could give you all my firsts <br>
but I can't. <br>
So instead, let me give you this: <br>
<br>
You will be the last woman <br>
I love and give my heart to; <br>
except for our daughters who <br>
hopefully take after you. <br>
<br>
Yours will be the hand I hold <br>
on my deathbed <br>
and the lips I kiss in front of the altar. <br>
<br>
I vow to always be <br>
by your side when you need someone to walk with; <br>
behind you when you need support; <br>
and in front of you when you need someone to lead the way.<br>
<br>
I promise that you will always find <br>
a home in my arms, shelter in my warmth, <br>
and that your solitude and mine <br>
will never be just two solitudes. <br>
<br>
I wish I could tell you <br>
that I will love you <br>
for the rest of your life <br>
but I don't think I can. <br>
<br>
For I will love you for the rest of mine. <br>
In this universe and all of its iterations. <br>
Forever.
